Dashboard picker verification — 2026-10-02

The dashboard title is now a searchable picker. The default catalog contains
the repository's 98 dashboards, including three embedded examples that remain
available if the repository fixtures are absent. --dashboard-dir DIRECTORY
replaces the scanned collection; nested JSON and Grafana API wrappers are
supported. The positional dashboard file is included in the list too.

Search matches title, tags and relative filename, case-insensitively. Stable
path IDs distinguish duplicate titles and nested files with the same name.
Each newly selected dashboard loads and parses on the background executor.
An open revision rejects stale loads. Successful switching explicitly cancels
the previous dashboard's requests and replaces its view, controls and scroll
state. The configured Prometheus client/endpoint or fake mode is retained.
Failure keeps the previous dashboard and restores the picker, with an error.

Native checks (macOS):
- Default collection opened over the existing localhost:19090 port-forward.
- Searched Prometheus 2.0 Overview and selected with Enter; live Prometheus
  uptime/series/chunks loaded on the same connection.
- Searched a different dashboard by filename and pressed Escape; the current
  dashboard and committed picker selection were restored.
- Switched back to Node Exporter Full; live gauges and range graphs reloaded.
- Custom directory and positional JSON opened in fake mode. Invalidated a
  file after catalog discovery, then selected it: visible parse error, old
  panel retained, picker restored. Selected kitchen-sink by pointer afterward:
  successful recovery, fake data and variable controls rendered.
- Native accessibility only exposed window chrome; screenshots and native
  pointer/keyboard events were used for interaction verification.

Automated checks:
- cargo test --workspace --release: 116 passing tests, including recursive
  discovery, malformed-file warnings, duplicate identities/origins, file edits,
  load errors, live range rejection, and existing request lifecycle coverage.
- cargo build --release: passed.
- cargo clippy --workspace --release: passed with the pre-existing model
  type_complexity warning and dependency block future-compatibility warning.

Limitations: this is a local file catalog, not a Grafana server browser. The
catalog is scanned at startup; restart to discover added files or changed
titles/tags. Switching resets time/variable selections to dashboard defaults.
Real mode retains the existing Prometheus query/datasource limitations; picking
a dashboard does not imply its metrics are installed in the cluster.

Launch with the existing forwarded endpoint:
./target/release/grafaui --fixture node-exporter \
  --prometheus-url http://127.0.0.1:19090 --scrape-interval 30

For a custom collection, add --dashboard-dir /path/to/dashboards.
Screenshots: dashboard-picker.png, dashboard-picker-live.png.
No cluster resources were changed, no new port-forward was started, and the
pre-existing app/port-forward were left running. Only test apps were stopped.
